gh-102980: Redirect pdb `interact` command, add tests and improve docs (#111194)
python/cpython: Doc/library/pdb.rst

   Start an interactive interpreter (using the :mod:`code` module) whose global
   namespace contains all the (global and local) names found in the current
   scope. Use ``exit()`` or ``quit()`` to exit the interpreter and return to
   the debugger.

   .. note::

      Because interact creates a new global namespace with the current global
      and local namespace for execution, assignment to variables will not
      affect the original namespaces.
      However, modification to the mutable objects will be reflected in the
      original namespaces.

   .. versionadded:: 3.2

   .. versionadded:: 3.13
      ``exit()`` and ``quit()`` can be used to exit :pdbcmd:`interact`
      command.

   .. versionchanged:: 3.13

>       :pdbcmd:`interact` will direct its output to the debugger's

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      :pdbcmd:`interact` directs its output to the debugger's
```

   Start an interactive interpreter (using the :mod:`code` module) whose global
   namespace contains all the (global and local) names found in the current
   scope. Use ``exit()`` or ``quit()`` to exit the interpreter and return to
   the debugger.

   .. note::

      Because interact creates a new global namespace with the current global
      and local namespace for execution, assignment to variables will not
      affect the original namespaces.
      However, modification to the mutable objects will be reflected in the

>       original namespaces.

Reviewer: Should we have a versionchanged entry here?

Author: Which change do you want to refer here? The notes part is just an explanation for existing behavior. ``exit()`` and ``quit()`` are new - the users used to have one option - EOF to exit from `interact` command. Do you think the availability for `exit()` and `quit()` grants a version changed entry? Or you are takling about this PR? The fact that `interact` command outputs to the same channel as `pdb` now? We an do that as well if you think that should be done.

Reviewer: > Do you think the availability for exit() and quit() grants a version changed entry?

Since it's new then a versionadded entry. 

> The fact that interact command outputs to the same channel as pdb now?

If it might surprise someone, then yeah I'd mention it as a change.

Author: Okay added both in the docs.
